1 notification
Job moved to In progress under Clicked apply.



I'm looking for…

Home
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
Notifications


Me

For Business
Advertise
Company, Belvedere Trading, LLC.
Software Engineer - Entry Level 2027 (Verified job)Software Engineer - Entry Level 2027 

Belvedere Trading, LLC • Chicago, IL (Hybrid)



Save
Apply
Company logo for, Belvedere Trading, LLC.
Belvedere Trading, LLC


Software Engineer - Entry Level 2027 

Chicago, IL · Reposted 23 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

Hybrid
Full-time
Apply

Save
Apply with Autofill

Simplify
Let’s Strengthen Your Resume
2 out of 7 keywords matched, add more to make you stand out.
View more match details
29
Low Match

Job match is high, we can help you stand out

Your profile and resume match the required qualifications well.

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Help me stand out

Create cover letter

BETA • Is this information helpful?


People you can reach out to

Recent Software Engineer hires at Belvedere Trading, LLC

Show all
About the job
Belvedere Trading is a leading proprietary trading firm proudly headquartered in downtown Chicago. Our traders work hard to provide liquidity to the market through their market-making activities and are the masters of a diverse set of commodities, interest rates, exchange-traded funds (ETF), and equity index options. From the beginning, we began iteratively investing in our proprietary technology and committing to building our systems from the ground up. Our trading models and software systems are continually re-engineered, optimized, and maintained to stay on top of the industry. This wouldn’t be possible without the dedicated efforts of our technology teams who utilize and perfect our innovative technology solutions.

High-performance proprietary development is the source of our success and competitive advantage at Belvedere, further fueling our passion for performance. We are a team driven by intellectual curiosity, seeking answers that will change not only how we trade in this technological age, but also the future landscape of the trading industry. We place a high premium on defining, developing, and deploying high-performance trading software using a team-based, holistic development approach. We look for passionate team members that excel and their contribution is critical to our continued success.

At Belvedere Trading, our pragmatic Software Engineers develop our low latency, high-performance, proprietary trading systems. They participate in all aspects of our software development lifecycle, from design to testing to deployment, and have both a love of technology and a demonstrated interest in the financial markets. We are looking for graduating seniors who fit this bill.

Don’t know a lot about finance or trading? No sweat. Belvedere Trading University (BTU) program will teach you everything you need to know once you join the team.

What Our Software Engineers Do

 Strong development – enhance the proprietary trading software platform that our traders use every day and deliver software solutions to drive business needs 
 Design, implement, and debug complex low latency trading applications 
 Efficient programming – Balance optimization and readability to create efficient and extendable applications 
 Partner with team members to ensure that our software meets requirements and follows Belvedere's coding standards, which ensures that it fits into our architecture and has proper automated testing 
 Communicate with project managers and team leadership to develop work strategies 
 Collaborate – Work in a collaborative team environment which encourages constant learning and innovation from all levels of the company to build the future of technology and finance 
 BTU – Participate in our in-house learning and development curriculum via peer-led lectures to obtain knowledge about the fundamentals of trading and our proprietary trading systems 

Key qualities in great candidates  

 High performer – Experience with all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle, preferably with an object-oriented programming language such as C++, C#, or Java 
 Problem solver – Understanding when to use the right tool for the job 
 Innovative – Ability to optimize and design low latency software 
 Ownership – Thrive in a collaborative, entrepreneurial environment 
 Intellectual curiosity and passion – Desire to continuously learn in a team environment and solve challenging problems 
 Strong Communication – Effectively communicate project updates to teammates and product managers 
 AI Fluency – Effectively use AI tools to improve efficiency and effectiveness while maintaining independent judgement and critical thinking 
 Ability to live in or relocate to Chicago. Applicants for this position will be considered for the Chicago location only 
 Graduation date of December 2026 or May/June 2027 
 Extra credit: Experience with hardware optimization and/or the financial industry! 

$140,000 - $140,000 a year

Additionally, certain positions at Belvedere Trading are eligible for discretionary bonuses. Our employees have access to a variety of benefits, which can be found on our website here .

Women and underrepresented groups frequently apply to jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications.

We encourage you to break that mold and apply. No candidate is perfect; all have a lot to offer. 

We welcome your application.

Core Values

The secret to our award-winning culture is our Core Values: Team Belvedere, Me In Team, Own It, Build Rockets, and Passionate Discourse. We live and breathe these values every day.

Compliance

For our trading positions and certain engineering roles, the SIE and Series 57 licenses are required; Belvedere Trading will provide comprehensive study materials and allocate dedicated time during the onboarding process to ensure your success in obtaining these certifications.

Our Stance

Belvedere is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to providing a non-discriminatory employment environment for its employees. Discrimination against employees and applicants due to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, military, and veteran status is prohibited. Belvedere encourages initiatives to increase diversity and provide equal opportunity to all applicants and employees. Belvedere is committed to providing a positive environment in which team members are treated with respect, dignity, and courtesy. Our firm believes in a dynamic culture of inclusion and diversity, where people thrive on individual and organizational characteristics, values, experiences, and backgrounds.

Please note that Belvedere Trading does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies. Any unsolicited resumes will become the property of Team Belvedere. No phone calls, please.

Any questions regarding the virtual recruiting process, please reach out to [email protected] .

Work Schedule: Regular and reliable attendance during standard business hours with the ability to be on-site prior to the start of business on occasion

Amount of Travel Required: None

Sponsorship: Yes

We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses and identifying potential inconsistencies or verification signals in application materials based on available information. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.

Set alert for similar jobs
Software Engineer, Chicago, Illinois, United States

Off

See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply
663

total

61

in the past day

Candidate seniority level
52% Entry level candidates

11% Senior level candidates

1% Director level candidates

1% Manager level candidates

Candidate education level
22% have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)

23% have a Bachelor of Science

22% have a Master of Science

33% have other degrees

Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Belvedere Trading, LLC
Powered by Bing
Company focus areas

• Technology Development: Belvedere Trading focuses on building new technologies to enhance trading performance and market impact. The firm leverages sophisticated proprietary technology and risk management systems.

More about Company focus areas...more

Sources: startupintros.com +1 more


Hiring & headcount

Significant growth in Information Technology: The 'Information Technology' department has seen a 100% increase in job openings over the last three months, indicating a major focus on expanding IT capabilities, which could suggest investments in new technology and infrastructure. Expansion in Finance and Engineering: The 'Finance' and 'Engineering' departments have increased by 9% and 7% respectively over the past year, highlighting a strategic emphasis on financial management and engineering innovation. Emerging focus on Education and Legal: The 'Education' department has experienced an 800% increase, and the 'Legal' department a 50% increase in headcount over the past year, suggesting new initiatives in training and compliance. Overall headcount growth: The company's total headcount has grown by 15% over the past year, reflecting a broad-based expansion and potential opportunities for investment in various support services and products.… more


The latest hiring trend

394

Total employees

29%

Company-wide

2 year growth

22%

Engineering

2 year growth

Chart
Chart with 25 data points.
The chart has 1 X axis displaying Time. Data ranges from 2024-08-01 00:00:00 to 2026-08-01 00:00:00.
The chart has 1 Y axis displaying values. Data ranges from 305 to 396.
End of interactive chart.
Median employee tenure: 3.7 years

Competitors

Belvedere Trading operates in a highly competitive proprietary trading landscape, focusing on equity index and commodity derivatives. The firm emphasizes technological innovation and a collaborative culture to maintain its competitive edge. Competitors like Citadel Securities, Balyasny Asset Management, and DRW Trading Group also leverage advanced technologies and strategic market positions to capture market share.… more

Citadel Securities
Balyasny Asset Management L.P.
Sources: belvederetrading.com +1 more


Show Premium Insights
About the company

Belvedere Trading, LLC

41,398 followers


Follow
Financial Services

 • 

201-500 employees

 • 

395 on LinkedIn

In March of 2002, Belvedere Trading emerged as Chicago’s newest market makers, soon to join the ranks of the Windy City’s elite proprietary trading firms. Armed with printouts of Excel workbooks and a team of eager minds, Belvedere established their place in the SPX pit on the floor of the Chicago Board Options Exchange.

From the beginning, we began iteratively investing in our proprietary technology, first building our options model, then adapting it to work on a handheld computer, then committing to building our software systems from the ground up. Due to our ultramodern proprietary technology and risk management capabilities, Belvedere is able to quickly capitalize on inefficiencies in the marketplace.  Our trading models and software systems are continually re-engineered, optimized, and maintained to stay on top of the industry.

Belvedere Trading’s success and rapid growth are the direct results of our market experience, commitment to our mission and values, and relentless focus on the training and development of our team members. We attract an amazing caliber of diverse people; our team is comprised of over 200 individuals and we are actively expanding year over year.

Since our inception, Team Belvedere has enjoyed low turnover and high referral rates due to our distinctive working atmosphere, well defined company culture, and high levels of entrepreneurship and empowerment. Our aggressive drive for efficiency, unique trading techniques, use of cutting edge technology, and most importantly, talented people, make us confident of our continued growth and success. Belvedere Trading continually looks forward to further expansion and facing the opportunities and challenges that the evolving financial markets will bring.… more

Interested in working with us in the future?
Members who share that they’re interested in a company may be 2x as likely to get a message from a recruiter than those who don’t. Learn more


I’m interested
Show more
More jobs

Backend and Infra Software Engineer Graduate (Dev Infra US) - 2027 Start (Verified job)Backend and Infra Software Engineer Graduate (Dev Infra US) - 2027 Start 

ByteDance

San Jose, CA

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k), +1 benefit

You’d be a top applicant

Promoted

 · 

Posted 1 week ago1 week ago


Software Engineer Graduate (AML-Engine-Orchestration) - 2027 Start 

ByteDance

Seattle, WA

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k), +1 benefit

You’d be a top applicant

Promoted

 · 

Posted 1 week ago1 week ago


2027 Early Career Software Engineer 

Anduril Industries

Seattle, WA

You’d be a top applicant

Promoted

 · 

Posted 2 weeks ago2 weeks ago


Software Engineer Graduate (Search) - 2027 Start

TikTok USDS Joint Venture

San Jose, CA

$122.6K/yr - $187.2K/yr

 • 

Vision, 401(k), +1 benefit

You’d be a top applicant

Promoted

 · 

Posted 2 weeks ago2 weeks ago


Software Integration Engineer - New Grad (2027) 

Applied Intuition

Sunnyvale, CA (On-site)

$123K/yr - $158K/yr


1 connection works here

Promoted

 · 

Posted 2 weeks ago2 weeks ago


Software Engineer (2027 Graduates) 

Appian

McLean, VA (On-site)

401(k), +2 benefits

You’d be a top applicant

Promoted

 · 

Posted 2 weeks ago2 weeks ago


IT Engineering (Software, Platform, & Network) (2027 Grads) 

Procter & Gamble

Cincinnati, OH

You’d be a top applicant

Promoted

 · 

Posted 5 days ago5 days ago


Entry Level Software Developer 2027 

IBM

Durham, NC (Hybrid)

$100.8K/yr - $151.2K/yr

You’d be a top applicant

Promoted

 · 

Posted 1 week ago1 week ago


2027 Graduate Software Engineer (DV Commodities)

DV Trading LLC

New York, NY (On-site)

You’d be a top applicant

Promoted

 · 

Posted 2 weeks ago2 weeks ago


[2027] Software Engineer, Early Career 

Roblox

San Mateo, CA (Hybrid)

You’d be a top applicant

Promoted

 · 

Posted 2 days ago2 days ago


Entry Level Software Engineering – Agentic AI & Workflow Automation 2027 

IBM

New York, United States (Hybrid)

$121K/yr - $181.4K/yr




4 connections work here

Promoted

 · 

Posted 4 days ago4 days ago


Software Engineer Graduate (Foundation Platform) - 2027 Start 

TikTok

San Jose, CA

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k), +1 benefit


1 connection works here

Promoted

 · 

Posted 1 week ago1 week ago

See more jobs like this
Looking for talent?

Post a job
About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
YASH SHAHStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Navigating to Jobs


Report



Autofill

Resume Score

Profile

B
Software Engineer - Entry Level 2027
Belvedere Trading, LLC · Confirmed live in the last 24 hours
$140,000 - $140,000 USD

See who you know here




Start Application

Resume


Preview resume

29
Low Resume Match
Only Matches
2 out of 7 keywords

Tailor Resume

Cover Letter
No Field Found